java c
Assignment Remit 

Programme Title 
MSc International Business Singapore
Module Title 
International Strategy
Module Code 
38175
Assignment Title 
Individual Assessment
Weighting 
70%
Hand Out Date 
07/10/2024 
Deadline Date  Time  
04/11/2024 
12pm  
Feedback Post Date 
21st working day after the deadline date  
Assignment Format 
Essay 
Assignment Length 
2500 words
Submission Format  
Online 
Individual 
Module Learning Outcomes: 
This assignment is designed to assess the following module learning outcomes. Your submission will be marked using the Grading Criteria given in the section below. 
1 Review the models and frameworks for the strategic analysis of international businesses. 
2 Apply relevant tools, theories and concepts to identify contemporary strategic issues in international business. 
3 Appraise the external and internal environments of international firms to determine appropriate strategies. 
4 Demonstrate an understanding of strategy in the context of diverse global environments and within different types of organisations.
5 Develop strategic decision-making and cross-cultural skills for organisations operating in different areas of the world.
Assignment: 
Read the AirAsia case study (on Canvas).
Analyse AirAsia’s corporate strategy, including its diversification strategy and the logic of its portfolio. How should AirAsia adapt its strategy to maintain (or gain) sustainable competitive advantage?
You should use relevant theories or frameworks to support your answer
Grading Criteria / Marking Rubr代 写38175 International StrategyMatlab
代做程序编程语言ic 
Your submission will be graded according to the following criteria: 
1. Addresses the question that was set / Possesses a clear argument 
2. Quality of analysis 
3. Appropriate use of theory 
4. Well structured 
See the marking rubric at the end of the remit for more information on how your work will be marked and graded. 
Ethical Use of Generative AI (GenAI) 
You are permitted to use GenAI to support your submission for this assessment. You may use it for the following activities:· Checking spelling and grammarApplying GenAI tools should be done with human oversight and control. You should carefully review and use the results carefully as AI can generate authoritative-sounding output that can be incorrect, incomplete, uncritical, or biased.You may not submit any work generated by an AI tool as your own. Where you include any material generated by an AI tool, it should be properly declared just like any other reference material. Alongside your assignment you should also provide a commentary in the Cover Sheet detailing how GenAI has been used to develop your final submission. If you have not used GenAI tools, you should clearly state so.Plagiarism, including that which results from using GenAI, is a form. of academic misconduct that will be dealt with under the University’s Code of Practice on Academic Integrity. https://intranet.birmingham.ac.uk/as/registry/policy/conduct/plagiarism/index.aspx 
University guidance on ethical use of GenAI can be found here:
https://intranet.birmingham.ac.uk/as/libraryservices/asc/student-guidance-gai.aspx 



         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
